UI metrics docs (#9857)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/observability/metrics.mdx

## Metrics in the UI Topology Visualization

> Consul’s built in UI has a topology visualization for services part of the Consul-Connect service mesh. The topology visualization has the ability to fetch basic metrics from a metrics provider for each service and display those metrics as part of the topology visualization.

Reviewer: Can you link to the topology visualization docs here?

Author: ✅

> The diagram below illustrates how the UI display service metrics for a sample application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below illustrates how the UI displays service metrics for a sample application:
```

> [![Metrics Merging Architecture](/img/ui-topology.png)](/img/ui-topology.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![UI Topology View](/img/ui-topology.png)](/img/ui-topology.png)
```

> This could previously be configured by previously setting up `server.extraConfig` but can now be configured using fields under `ui.metrics`. This will enable the Consul UI to query the provider specified by `ui.metrics.provider` at the baseURL `ui.metrics.baseURL` to display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could previously be configured via `server.extraConfig` but can now be configured under `ui.metrics`. This will enable the Consul UI to query the provider specified by `ui.metrics.provider` at the URL of the Prometheus server `ui.metrics.baseURL` to display
```

> service metrics. When `global.metrics.enabled` and `ui.enabled` are both set to true, we will configure the server to display Prometheus metrics in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service metrics. When `global.metrics.enabled` and `ui.enabled` are both set to true, the UI will display Prometheus metrics.
```
